W-13651546-RunHistoryLimit-SG (#465)
mulesoft/docs-composer: en/mulesoft/modules/ROOT/pages/ms_composer_flows.adoc

.. *Flow Owner*: The owner of the flow. 
.. *Last Modified*: The date on which the flow was last modified in the time zone set in your browser.
.. *Status*: The status or the flow. The status can be either active or inactive.

> . The *Run History* of the flow. Composer currently stores up to 1000 records per flow and no more than the last two weeks of data. For example, for a flow that produces 10 records per day, you can see the run history for the last two weeks of data (14 x 10 = 140 records). For a flow that produces 100 records per hour, you can see no more than 10 hours of the run history.

Author: ```suggestion
. The *Run History* of the flow. Composer stores up to 1000 records per flow and can include only the last two weeks of data. For example, for a flow that produces 10 records per day, you can see the Run History for the last two weeks of data (14 x 10 = 140 records). For a flow that produces 100 records per hour, you can see no more than 10 hours of the Run History.
```
